one more thing the Coachella Valley
Music and Arts Festival wrapped up
yesterday it's a huge concert goes over
two weekends down the middle of the
California desert more than 60 bands
played at Coachella this year some of
the big bands some not so big some
up-and-coming bands and music fans in
general love knowing about bands that no
one else has ever heard of so we decided
to conduct in his experiment we sent a
camera crew to Coachella we asked people
walking into the venue what they thought
of a bunch of bands whose names we made
up okay
these bands are so obscure that they do
not exist except for one name you'll
hear here we made all of them up but
that didn't stop people from saying they
knew them in tonight's special Coachella
edition of lie witness news
one of my favorite bands this year is
dr. and the GI clinic yeah
they're amazing yeah they're always
amazing yeah he's really good on the
flexing yeah I'm really excited to see
them live I think that's gonna be one of
the bands it's gonna be a really great
light highlight yeah did I see them when
they played at Lollapalooza no I didn't
I'm so mad I'm so mad have you heard of
shorty gisle in the plumber' crud yep
what do you like about them like how raw
they are yeah they're I mean they're
really unique for sure
they feel a little bit like a
combination between like Bob Dylan and
like a polka band yeah um are you guys
as excited as I am about the obesity
epidemic I just I just like their whole
style like their whole genre which is
great they're kind of like very like
innovative and they're new there's some
smaller bands that are playing two door
cinema Club yeah I'm looking forward to
yeah yeah yeah do you like her their
album DJ cornmeal yeah actually I had a
radio show on a community radio station
up in Canada and I used to spin them all
the time oh wow okay great yeah
one of my favorite bands this year is
called get the out of my pool yeah
actually that I've heard from my friends
I don't know anything use ik wood I've
heard my friends that it's not something
amiss so I'm not gonna miss it one of my
favorite things today
straight out of Williamsburg the Chelsea
Clinton's oh yeah I have heard of them
actually no yeah I don't have a messy
amor not but I do know of their music
what did you hear about them
there's fun what's fun about the Chelsea
Clinton's I think they just give off
good energy yeah you know and you can
just tell that they're doing it from a
good place and it's like it's and it
could just feel energy I feel and
there's very few acts that like give you
that feeling did you know that Coachella
is actually the American Indian word for
dumb white guy really it's Coachella
2013 well
uh are you guys excited to Regis and the
Sylvan very excited